CVEs (#73)
exasol/spark-connector-common-java: doc/changes/changes_2.0.15.md

> # Spark Connector Common Java 2.0.15, released 2025-??-??

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Spark Connector Common Java 2.0.15, released 2025-10-30
```

Code name: Fixing netty CVEs

## Summary

> This release upgrades transient dependencies to fix netty CVEs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release upgrades transitive dependencies to fix CVEs in the Netty library.
```
❓

## Security

* #68: CVE-2025-58057: io.netty:netty-codec:jar:4.1.124.Final:provided
* #70: CVE-2025-58056: io.netty:netty-codec-http:jar:4.1.124.Final:provided

> * CVE-2025-58457 CWE-280: Improper Handling of Insufficient Permissions or Privileges (in zoopkeeper)

Reviewer: `Fixed <CVE> in <dependency>`
